Update kubernetes-cluster-connector-settings-reference.md (#4490)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/connectors/cloud-providers/ref-cloud-providers/kubernetes-cluster-connector-settings-reference.md

This is not used, typically. Some Connectors have Basic authentication disabled by default. The cluster would need Basic authentication enabled and a specific username and password configured for authentication.For OpenShift or any other platform, this is not the username/password for the platform. It is the username/password for the cluster.

> **Kubernetes Authentication Deprecation Notice:**  Basic authentication is not supported in Kubernetes client version 1.19 and greater. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Kubernetes Authentication Deprecation Notice
Basic authentication is not supported in Kubernetes client version 1.19 and later. 
:::
```
